I'll assume you know what Sparkly Authentication is since it seems
to be installed. If that assumption is incorrect, you should check
out the Sparkly Authentication readme instead.

So let's get right into usage. This text was generated by the Sparkly
command-line generator, invoked via:

  script/generate sparkly help

Depending on what arguments are attached, this generator is capable
of producing various different results. So let's go through them one
at a time, in the most common order...

0. Usually the first thing you'll want to do is generate the models
   which will actually be authenticated, such as a User model. See
   the Rails Guides for more details on that. You don't need to
   actually run the migrations yet, however.

1. After you know which models will be authenticated, you're ready
   to invoke the Sparkly Config generator:

   script/generate sparkly config
   
   This will generate a Rails Initializer in config/initializers that
   will be used to set up Sparkly during runtime. This tells it what
   encryption type to use, which models to authenticate, and so on.
   You should take a look at this file to make sure the configuration
   is what you are expecting. Do that. Now.
   
2. You also need to generate the database table which stores the 
   password information -- I'm talking about migrations!
   
   script/generate sparkly migrations
   
4. Run the server and try it out. See how things feel. If you want
   more control over the views (and you should), you can generate
   them like so:
   
     script/generate sparkly views
     
   Their final resting place basically depends on what your Sparkly
   config from Step 1 looks like. So I hope you double checked it.

5. Finally, if you need control over the, er, controllers, you can go
   ahead and generate them like so:
   
   script/generate sparkly controllers
   
   Note that exactly which controllers and how many of them will be
   generated depends, once again, on your Sparkly config. Note also
   that this will generate the corresponding views for you, so you
   can skip step 4 if you already know you need to customize the
   controllers.

This file has been saved to doc/sparkly_authentication.txt for your
reference.
